[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> OK.
We're good?
Welcome to the most exciting
expo in the country.
Really.
This is where all happens.
Let's give this whole thing--
[APPLAUSE]
Yeah.
My name's Alan Steinfeld.
I come from New York.
But I do these events,
host them because--
and I really wanted to
introduce my good friend here.
We do a lot of shows together.
And, actually, I
just want to say
he is one of the
nicest, kindest,
most genuine people in the UFO
business, in the UFO industry.
So let's give Robert Perala a--
he has real experiences, and
he only shares his truth.
So thank you, Robert.
Thank you, my friend.
>> Thank you, Alan.
Thank you, guys.
What a wonderful,
incredible expo.
I want to thank Gaia TV--
wow-- for coming out
here, filming this today.
What a marvelous outfit they
are that showcases spirituality,
holistic health, the esoteric
sciences, personal growth,
anecdotes for living,
and yes, today,
the incredible and
sensational extraterrestrials.
Let me tell you a few
things, just a little bit
about the beginning and how
this all kind of got started.
Because I can tell you
that a lot of people
aren't still quite
ready for this.
And when you've seen
everything imaginable
happen in your lifetime,
you'll look at this
and say, wow, what's next?
Yes.
Incredibly, extraterrestrials,
in our lifetime.
How could this have happened?
And yet, it's right
underneath our noses.
You ever notice TV, television,
motion pictures, the internet
and everything is designed just
to get you used to the idea.
Have you seen this happen?
Have you noticed that
throughout the ages
we have seen this in everything?
Tonight, we're going to
see a number of things.
We're going to talk about the
ascension of planet Earth.
Because the Earth
is actually being
birthed into a slightly
larger expression, and that's
happening from a
number of sources.
Via people that are in the
technological sectors, people
that are in aerospace, Tesla.
All these things are happening.
We're going to talk
about, what are we
going to do about the
extraterrestrials?
Some of us are awake and
realize, wow, it's here.
It's here.
It's very sort of a little
bit clandestined at first.
It's a little bit hidden away.
But at the same time,
more and more people
are actually making,
incredibly, contact.
Some of you will
see tonight that it
started for me very early.
In 1977 on December 27, I
was taken aboard a spacecraft
by what looked like
three astronauts.
Now, that seems incredible.
You can imagine
after it was over,
I locked myself in my
apartment for three months.
I never wanted to see
anything like that ever again.
And my parents say, don't say
a word to anybody about this.
Don't talk about this.
It's just too strange.
We have friends, neighbors,
and family to think about.
I said, I can't help that.
You know?
But I didn't go public until
'93 in my first lecture.
There were wonderful people
coming out of that time.
Gregg Braden.
A lot of us were sort of
coming out and talking
about the sensational in
mystery schools and everything.
Everything is possible.
Even the impossible.
And that's, maybe, a
real focal point tonight.
So let me tell you
a little bit here.
These are my two books.
And what I'm contending
here in my first book,
"The Divine Blueprint," is
that we are all living out a--
there's a blueprint.
There's a plan.
There's a blueprint.
There actually is a
purpose and a directive
for the incoming karmic
bound souls that are
coming into the planet daily.
And then the other
karmic bound souls,
who have finished
their contract,
are sort of leaving
and have already
fulfilled their contract.
And this is kind
of going on all day
long while we're
sitting in traffic.
How can this be?
And so I've studied
that very carefully--
the nature of existence, the
origin of the soul, which
is what this is called.
Extraterrestrials and
the Origin of the Soul.
Because mankind is connected
to the stars in a fantastic way
we've never even
dreamed possible.
And there have been--
the Bible, the Gita,
the Sanskrit, the Torah,
the Sumerian tablets
have all sort of
talked about visitors
being responsible
for this experience.
And then later on
as we're learning
from that, and from also modern
day prophets, and modern day
channels and mystics,
in my own research,
we find out that, wow, I see the
sort of karmic bound souls that
are here are actually related.
You're actually related to
what the lost books of Job
in the Bible talk about.
You are descendants of
the house of Pleiades.
And when it says that--
the prophet must have
thought that was very
important to put that in there.
Why would he take
all the time to say
you are descendants of
the house of Pleiades
unless they meant it?
And then as we've kind of grown
into it, we find that there--
what I'm contending in my
lecture, as you'll see here,
there are men and
women that are like you
and I that have benefited
from greater time and greater
knowledge.
They are, in fact from the
cluster of seven central suns,
the Pleiades.
Taygete, Maia, Electra,
Alycyone, Merope.
There's a couple of others.
And some of them are subjective.
Some will say it was more than
seven central suns and systems.
But suffice to say that what
I'm contending in my research is
that men and women
are coming here
that are just like
you and I. That have
benefited from greater time.
Extraterrestrials will always be
sort of sensationalized, right?
Because you see the
pictures in the motion
pictures and the movies.
Creepy little gray guys with
big, almond shaped black eyes
that don't move.
And they just telepath
something to you
like you're for dinner tonight.
That kind of thing.
Like, what?
You know?
That kind of thing happens.
But, actually, there are men
and women that are just like you
and I that are walking right
amongst us, incredibly,
and they will live very quietly.
I have been working
with a Russian woman
from the Ukraine--
you'll see a little piece of
that in this presentation-- who
has explained to
me and taken time
with me to sit down and
explain how this works.
And it's amazing.
She needs an interpreter.
And I sit very quietly
with her and I say, tell
me what is going on here.
I'll get into that
in the presentation.
But also what I'm
saying here in my books,
we are divine architects.
We are sent here as emissaries
to learn all the principles
of life and existence.
We are like builders.
So you might say a lot
of this presentation
is also personal
growth oriented.
It has a certain amount
of purpose and direction.
We're not coming here to join
the worthless codependence
club.
You know what I mean?
You're here by
divine appointment
to learn lessons in mastery.
Relationship mastery, physical
mastery, emotional mastery.
And a lot of people,
while they have already
been-- while they
have been born here,
they will completely deny
that anything is out there.
They will forget-- in the lost
books of Job and in the Bible,
it says you are wearing
the veils of forgetfulness.
Meaning that coded
in the actual field
of your body, the field--
its gigantic rainbow
that you can't see.
Some people can with
clairvoyance, or what
have you--
that it's encoded
in there that you're
to concentrate your lessons
and your directive here.
You're here by appointment
to learn these-- as crazy
as it looks out there.
I know some of you must
be saying, wait a minute.
There's been a terrible mistake.
I couldn't possibly have
been sent here for this.
With these people?
Really?
Because there's-- and all
those people that you dislike
the most or are
testing you the most.
And those are when
your lessons come up.
All right?
They really do.
And those people that you
fall in love with, and find
love mastery with, and
procreation with, they
teach you an awful lot.
So we're actually
divine architects.
That's what we were
contending in that book, which
the new version of
the revised version
is still coming out
this year, and we're
looking forward to that.
So you are a builder.
So everything is possible,
even the impossible.
When I was a kid, this was
my world when I grew up.
I grew up amongst black
and white television.
I grew up with a dial up phone.
I grew up with a
group of women that
came into our house that
were doing channeling
and had seances, which,
in 1966, was incredible.
I mean, they used to say,
well, if the furniture
is moving by itself, you're
probably at the Perala's house.
That's the kind of
reputation we had.
And so it was the era of
Kennedy and Martin Luther King.
I grew up in a house
that was filled
with all kinds of wonderment.
And so I was exposed to a lot of
mystical things very early on.
I was lucky that way.
So you might say I got
a kind of a head start.
And, I mean, I
grew up in the era
where I was afraid
to be drafted.
I remember my dad said,
if you're not going--
the draft?
you're not going to any Vietnam.
I said, Dad, what do you mean?
He said, well-- he
says, we'll tell them
that we are Christians.
We'll tell them that we're
born again and everything.
I said, Dad, you never took me
to church once in your life.
He says, we start Sunday.
So that was the kind of
crazy world I was growing--
but I was also growing
up with apparitions.
These are men and
women like you and I.
And I would see people in the
middle of the night standing
there, semi-transparent,
and I would see them
standing behind my teacher.
And I would talk about this,
and the teacher would send notes
home to my parents.
Robert seems to be
very distracted.
He says he sees people
standing behind the teacher,
standing behind students,
and this scares the students.
Can you please do
something about this?
I said, you must have seen them.
You must have seen them.
And they go, no.
So at that point,
for some reason,
my second clairvoyant
sight was very developed.
I would see them walking in
their footsteps in their places
and say, you must
have seen that.
And they go, no.
And they would say things to me.
Not necessarily direct me.
They weren't saying, like,
oh, yes, young master Robert.
Take us to your leader.
No, there was nothing like that.
It was more witness to a
phenomenon that was going on.
They would be talking
to each other.
Some would walk through the wall
and then walk back in again.
And so I got the idea, OK,
we're walking amongst people.
We're walking amongst people
that are just like you
and I, that look just like you.
What if what if I told you
that when someone has run out
of time and they've
given up their body
and they've simply
run out of time,
they step out of their
body, and then there's yes,
there's a life review.
And then there's also--
there can be all of
the above is true.
We could go through that list.
But they're walking amongst you.
And you even hear them.
You will hear their
thoughts or what
they say to you imparted
to you as your--
you will think it's
you because you hear it
in your own mind's voice.
That's why when
they speak to you,
or they give you an inspiration,
or an idea, or an impression,
or you get that sixth sense
kind of like a warning-- like,
you know, I really
shouldn't do this.
I shouldn't go there tonight--
or I had a feeling about
this, that's your intuition.
It's very important.
That's them talking
to you, very often.
So they'll talk
to you, and you'll
hear it in your
own mind's voice,
so it's not disconcerting.
That way you don't
suddenly turn around,
and all of a sudden you
hear, you know, your mother
that passed away three years
ago saying, now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute, Billy.
You have a problem here.
Very disconcerting if you
started to hear that, you know?
Now, other people, you know,
walk in between the worlds,
and they can see them
and hear them, et cetera.
So that's a little bit of a
foundation of how this works.
And then those are
the discarnates.
They are like you and
I. They ran out of time.
Their physical body
no longer works.
And those discarnates
meet other people
that are standing in
the perpetual moment.
The perpetual moment is--
we have, say, the
sense of time, right?
We have a minute, an hour, a
day, a week, a month, a year,
so on.
And we have distance, right?
They're living in
their perpetual moment.
They don't notice
that distance the way
we do because we have
an aging process here.
OK?
So that's a little bit
about how it works.
And then later on,
some of them actually
semi-introduced
themselves to me.
Now, that's very difficult for--
I mean, when I think
about it, I think, really?
Being on the other side,
that's a semi-torso apparition,
you know, talking to me?
I'm a sinner.
Why would I be
endowed with this?
I don't know.
Sometimes they
choose people that--
I think maybe they
were choosing this
because if this is a
mouthpiece from their world,
from that side to this side,
maybe that is a part of it.
And also, you have to
stay in a lot of integrity
and practice that.
Practice meditation.
Practice prayer.
Practice being on purpose here.
So maybe they'll move into
your life a little bit more
because they see you're willing.
Now, something drew
you here, right?
Something drew you here.
I mean, we could've been
going to an Amway meeting
or something like that, right?
Or one of those
12 step meetings.
There's all kinds of
meetings you can go to,
but something in your
spirit drew you here.
So you are here by appointment.
You're in the right place.
So I was a kid--
oh, let's go to pop culture.
Wow.
This was it for me.
In 1967, I was turning
12 that summer.
Man, that's putting
my dreams way back.
And I had learned a little
bit about meditation
all the way back when I was
only 12 years old by these four
guys going to the Himalayas.
They went to see Maharishi
Mahesh Yogi in the Himalayas,
where the Ganges River
meets the plains.
It's in what's called Rishikesh.
And they learned there
that thoughts were things,
and that they had the ability--
thoughts-- to travel.
And if you send a thought
form into the universe,
someone or something
might respond to that.
And I thought, incredible.
They asked John Lennon
when he got back--
people forget that
John and George
lived in an ashram for
just under three months
at the end of '67 and into '68.
People forget that
part, it's so long ago.
They asked John Lennon
when they got back,
what did you learn
with Maharishi?
This whole time you've
been meditating,
you've been locked away
in a remote area of India.
What did you learn?
And he said, we learned
that you have to sit still
or you're never going to know.
And I thought, wow.
And the others were like, what?
And I was like, I get it.
You got to sit still.
We're constantly bombarded
by the socio-conditioning,
now today more than
ever before, right?
We have Wi-Fi signals.
Now 5G is coming.
Ah, help!
I feel like I'm lit up
like a candle, you know?
We have-- I don't know if
that's going to work out.
It's snowing in Las
Vegas and Tucson.
Maybe they should
turn it back off.
Anyway.
Seemed like a good idea.
No, it's not.
But we're bombarded by all
kinds of things that distract us
from our spirit, right?
So I was really
fascinated by these guys.
I had to do pop culture because
people know me really well.
They know I'll throw
in some fun stuff.
You all remember
St. Paul, right?
You remember St. John.
You remember St. George, right?
And then there was St. Ringo.
We could never
figure this one out.
And so mysticism was
where it was at when
I was-- so I was exposed to it.
Because when you're
growing up, you're
exposed to some
wonderful things.
I was lucky.
I got exposed to mysticism,
cosmic consciousness,
meditation,
transferring thoughts
from the material plane
to the non material plane,
calling to the universe.
That's a heady thing
for a 12-year-old.
You know, I remember some people
that would come over the house
and say, don't talk about this.
You're scaring the family.
What is this calling
to the universe?
You're 12 years
old and everything.
I said, it's important.
That's why we're
here, aren't we?
It was a very heady concept.
We had this.
The press, as I said, asked
John Lennon, what did you learn?
And John said, we learned
that you had to sit still,
or you're never going to know.
In 1977, 10 years later,
I was 22 years old.
I was a pretty good
looking young man then.
That's a long ways.
Sideburns and bangs.
Wow, man.
I sure miss that part.
And I was in the mountains
of Lake Tahoe, Nevada,
right there where
the California border
meets Nevada in the area of
what's called Heavenly Valley.
I was on a ski trip.
And I was reading books
like "Beyond Reality."
I was reading a little bit of
"Cosmic Fire" by Alice Bailey.
Very heady stuff.
And so I was reading
the Bhagavad Gita.
I was reading some other things.
And so I learned
that, again, if you
send a thought
from the universe,
someone or something
might respond to that.
So I sat and I lit a candle
that night of the 26th.
It was the day after Christmas.
And everybody had
put the presents away
and was starting to go to bed.
It was only my parents, my
sister, and her husband,
and they went upstairs.
And I went outside
and I lit a candle.
And I just literally sent
a thought form like this.
Held my hands up.
I still remember it to this day.
And said, if there's anything
out there, I'd like to know
or I'd like to get to have
that experience or some point
of exchange to know that
there's something out there.
And it was very simple.
I didn't go on and
on and on about it.
I just was very simple.
Simple request.
Actually, I didn't
even believe it myself.
I didn't expect anything
to really happen.
I just thought, well,
somewhere down the line,
some connection will be made.
Those apparitions who have,
actually at this point,
been less and less, at this
point, since I had grown up.
Since I had them many
times when I was young.
There was a long absence.
I thought, well, maybe they'll
come back, because I'd never
forgotten them.
And I went to bed.
And all of a sudden,
as in the middle
of the night on the 27th,
probably somewhere around 2
o'clock in the morning, it
seemed like the whole room
lit up like in an
arcing storm of flashes
of blue, green, violet, indigo,
white light, silver white.
Like the sun had touched down.
And suddenly, the
ceiling had opened up,
and what came down into
the room was this--
what looked like
three 8 and 1/2 foot
tall astronauts of some kind.
And I'll explain the
origin of the photo later.
But this is a very crude
photograph of what I saw.
So whatever this was, three
of them came into the room,
and it glowed like the sun.
You don't see the
field around it.
You see here-- that here--
that's a little
orange antenna that
stuck up about six
inches above his helmet.
He had a visor.
I saw no faces.
It was flat on the sides.
And you couldn't
see anyone inside.
The suit itself seemed to be
alive and glowed like the sun.
It's a very crude,
crude photograph.
I know.
And the side of
the house opened up
into what looked like
a swirling tunnel.
Of course, as I started to
scream, I went like this,
and suddenly I was just
frozen, completely,
in what felt like a blue bubble,
a blue cocoon of some sort.
And I couldn't move anything.
I couldn't move my arms,
my legs, or anything,
and I was just
frozen in this thing.
I could only hear my voice
as though it were almost
in another room behind me.
And I was screaming,
you know, help me.
And all of a sudden,
the side of the house
dropped away in what looked
like a swirling tunnel,
and I went through
the tunnel at what
seemed like thousands
of miles an hour,
and it burned terrible.
I would love to tell you that
those lovely stories that you
hear about near-death
experiences, you know--
that when the teary eyed
person say, I saw the light--
that's not this story, actually.
This story is one of terror,
and it was very painful.
And, at this point, I'm going
through this thing very,
very quickly.
I don't see these
whatever they are--
ultraterrestrials.
And I remember, at one
point, I had to surrender.
And I thought, I'll
just die, because you
can't live when you're on fire.
You can't withstand that.
And so I surrendered to it.
And it was weird.
As soon as I surrendered--
like I just surrendered.
I'll pass away.
I'll just surrender--
it, like, let go of me.
It's OK.
And then, all of a sudden, going
again at thousands of miles
an hour through this tunnel.
It's burning again.
And then I surrendered,
and then it let go.
I seemed to have almost
control over it somehow.
The next thing I
knew, I was sort
of floating in this sphere,
spherical room of some sort,
encased in this blue
light of some sort.
And I was in front
of what looked
like an obelisk of some kind.
I don't know what it was.
Some glass object.
And there was no one there.
There was nobody
there to greet me.
There was no--
I'd love to tell
that story, too.
You know, I met them, and
they were the emissaries.
That's not this story.
I can only tell
the story the way
I know how to tell the
story of what happened.
And then, whatever it was, I
went back through the tunnel,
and I was floating
above the bed,
and I was lowered
down onto the bed.
And as whatever these were
had this lightning storm
around them, eventually, they
seemed to just completely
disappear, and the
ceiling closed up,
and the side of the house
closed up, and it was over.
And I was lying in my
bed, basically paralyzed.
And I had no idea kind of
what had happened at all.
So I do remember at
one point throwing up
over the side of the bed.
And I was in a convulsion.
Like, I was just
shaking, convulsion.
I later crawled out of the bed
and crawled along the floor
and pulled myself up on
this vanity that-- you know,
the little sink
in the restroom--
and turned on the light.
A I managed to pull myself up.
And as I turned on
the light, I found
I was sunburned from
head to toe and I
was soaked in like a honey
or like an oil material.
And needless to say, I never
want to see anything like that
ever again.
And then when the morning
came, I had woke up--
I was woken up and my
mother was looking at me.
And she's going, wow,
you're so sunburned.
Something like, are you OK?
And I was just looking around,
you know, and thinking,
didn't anybody see
anything last night?
And they're like, what?
They never were
witness to anything.
So that's-- a lot of times,
encounters can work like that.
You can actually have
an encounter in one room
and nothing in the other room.
They'll deny anything's even
happening because they isolate
the experience, I guess.
So I'm one of the
oldest speakers
at 63 years old in the
business, and I never
thought I was going
to be a speaker.
I never thought I was going
to do lectures and have
book sales and all that.
In 1978, in April 1978, I
opened up a UFO magazine.
I thought, wow, they have a--
I was starting to get
the idea that this was
some kind of encounter maybe.
But I wasn't quite there yet.
And I looked, and I thought,
they have a magazine on UFOs.
Maybe those silver things have
something to do with UFOs.
And as I was thumbing through,
I couldn't believe it.
There was a poster.
It's very crude, but there's
a poster of this somehow.
And it was taken by Jeff
Green Shaw, an off duty police
officer in Falkville,
Alabama in October of 1973.
And he had taken this shot--
and there's one after this.
I'll show you.
And I thought,
that's what I saw.
The lights are missing.
The incredible storm's missing.
The orange antenna's missing.
Most of it is missing, but
the basic shape is there.
So I met with Dr.
J. Allen Hynek.
I went to meet him.
How many people know who
Dr. J. Allen Hynek is?
So he's the guy who started
"Project Blue Book," which
was a TV show in 1978,
and now has been revised.
Yes?
"Project Blue Book."
It's on-- is it the
History Channel?
Is it?
OK.
So they revived it, right?
And I wanted to
meet J. Allen Hynek.
I thought, wow, I've read it--
all of it, about his research.
And there was hardly-- there
was only maybe 22 of us
there that day.
OK?
There was me, a scared,
young 22-year-old;
there was the Hurtaks--
JJ and Desiree Hurtak
were there, who are--
they are maybe the most read
on the pyramids that this--
They're here this weekend.
I think they're
here this weekend.
And then they're on
tour and all that.
They do mini lectures.
There was Richard Hoagland.
Nobody knew who he
was then, hardly.
He was just sort
of getting started.
There was Stanton
Friedman, who he's
a big speaker in this field.
And then as I was
telling Richard--
as I was telling Dr. Hynek
all about his experience,
I was going on and on.
And this happened
and everything.
And there was this gentleman
who was sitting right next here,
you know?
And I wanted to get this--
remember the little cassette
recorders we used to have?
You put the cassette
in, you close
the little plastic window,
and you press play and record,
right?
And I said, I'm going
to get this on tape.
I'm meeting the go-to guy.
This is the go-to
guy in the UFO.
This is the man who's
recording people's experiences,
and he actually
believes these people.
And I told him my story.
And this guy was bothering me.
He says, what else?
What else happened?
And I go, hang on a second.
And I wanted to make sure
that he got my story.
I said, do you want to make
some notes here and everything?
And he said, well,
what else happened?
I said, excuse me.
I'll be right with
you, and everything.
I was just really dead set
on getting my story told.
About the third time this
person starts to interrupt me,
I turn around, and
it's William Shatner.
Really.
Can you imagine how
the universe works
as I'm going home that day
with my friend Dan and he said,
that's great, Perala.
That's just great, man.
Imagine that.
When you go public one day, and
you have a book and everything
like that, you go on TV,
and the Phil Donahue Show,
and all these kind
of things, you'll
be able to tell them, the
first time you told your story,
you told it to Captain Kirk!
I thought, oh, no.
No.
That'll delegitimize the story.
Nobody's going to buy that.
You don't tell your first UFO
encounter to Captain Kirk.
Oh, don't do this.
He goes, yeah, man.
This is great.
I'm going to tell everybody.
And so he told all
of his friends.
Perala went and
met Hynek himself.
We saw the movie
"Close Encounters."
He's the last guy in
one of the last scenes
of "Close Encounters."
You ever seen that?
Where he comes up with
the pipe and they're
meeting the extraterrestrials
for the first time.
Steven Spielberg
gave him a cameo.
So he always had
his pipe, right?
And so he would be in the movie.
That's the real-- that's,
like, a real fictitious kind
of encounter, right?
Steven Spielberg makes
a movie with him in it.
So these beings,
whatever they are,
they had the ability to
appear and disappear at will.
This was the other shot of it.
Now, whatever these
are, they just
seem to have the ability
to disappear and appear.
And so that's how long
I've been in the business.
It's a long time.
And I didn't go public,
as I said, until 1993.
But along the way, I start to
meet more and more interesting,
fascinating people along the
way, who have been my teachers.
And so we look at this, we see--
how many people have seen
this photograph, the Roswell
photograph?
How many people
feel that it's real?
Not many.
How many feel that it's fake?
A lot more.
Yeah.
So no one's ever
really proven it.
Supposedly it's an alien
autopsy, et cetera.
But it shows you--
it gets people used to the
idea that something was here,
even as far back as 1947.
So right now, what's
happening to the Earth
is the Earth is actually
being birthed into a larger
expression.
The mystics have talked about
this time, where there's
a merge between our
culture and a culture that
is unseen in the unseen worlds.
I saw this in awareness
Awareness Act on the internet.
A galactic tidal
wave of divine light
is raising the frequency of
earth, ending the old reality.
A lot of people look at the
trivortex up in the North Pole
and see that, in fact,
the planet is actually
slightly shifted its axis,
and there is greater light
coming to this planet.
In fact, there's a
gigantic solar flare
that's actually huge
tomorrow, incredibly,
that's due to be here.
There's actually a
split in the sun.
My wife just told me this
right before I got here.
She said, you better
mentioned this.
I don't know if it'll affect us.
But solar galactic waves and
things like that from the sun
do have an effect on
us in a great way.
So with that, if I tell
you that the Earth is
sort of being prepared
and being surrounded,
some of the theories say, well,
it's largely because the--
I believe the
extraterrestrials don't
want to lose this experience.
I believe that they're
watching over these souls that
are being born each day.
I believe that they
are part of what
we would call the spiritual
hierarchy or the Galactic
Federation, if you want to get
kind of techie, kind of UFOy,
kind of.
And they don't want to
lose this experience.
How many people here
read Barbara Marciniak?
You know, the Pleiadians.
It's that channeled material.
Read "Path of Empowerment."
What a remarkable book.
Man.
She describes it wonderfully,
and very eloquently,
how this is all happening
and why us, as men and women,
are from this cluster.
We're part of them.
This DNA process
is actually very
largely a Pleiadian experience.
And when you say that,
they're like, oh, god,
he said the P word.
Pleiadian.
That sounds so far out.
It's like, ah.
You know, it sounds
like, oh, you know,
it's a little bit sensational,
but that's where we're at.
So the Earth is being birthed
into a slightly larger
expression.
And as that happens--
look at 5G even.
As they're sending up rockets--
I know, boo-- rockets
with these satellites.
And then you saw it on "60
Minutes" only three weeks ago,
right?
And as the satellite
goes up, these
sat-- how are they going to
put out 15,000 satellites?
Because they're the size
of two bread loaves.
And they load them up
into the satellite.
The satellite goes
up with the rocket.
They release the satellite.
They open up the bomb bay doors,
the guy looks down the scope,
and he says, that's it.
Release them.
And then they all come
out, and they are actually
circling the entire globe.
And they showed
even on "60 Minutes"
that they could
see a butterfly fly
from that bush to that bush.
That's the kind of
detail that they can see.
They want to know
everything that
is going on with this planet.
I really contend that,
in disclosure, they
know full well that there's
another presence here.
And the one thing
that they can do
is surround this in
a greater ability
camera wise to see
what's happening here.
What's coming into
the atmosphere,
what's leaving the atmosphere.
To see crime.
To see other things.
The bracelet is coming.
The people will wear-- that
will transfer everything,
all your data, about what your
blood pressure is currently.
What's your A1C?
Hopefully it's not more
than 6.5 for diabetics.
That can be transferred with
5G to hospitals, et cetera.
You are living--
I'm sorry to say,
as you know already,
you're living in the
surveillance state.
But I think it has a big
factor to do with disclosure.
It really does.
OK.
So UFOs are coming
here constantly.
The Pentagon has
taken shots of these
just off the coast of
San Diego, et cetera.
And they zero in on
the targets, and they
watch all these different
anomalies happen,
and then they report
in, you know, 6575 Echo.
We've got an anomaly here.
And all of a sudden,
you see something
go by at 3,500 miles an hour.
And they know that there
is a presence here.
But as I said, as
all of us have said,
whether you're listening
to David Wilcock, who
is a great guy,
you know, we're all
saying that we are in the
throes of disclosure, actually.
We have this.
Oumuamua came in 2017.
It was the first
stellar object to pass
through our own solar
system at great speed.
And so we don't
usually see that.
Whether this is propelled--
they believe that it's
possibly propelled
because an object that is
like a meteor passes through
at the same galactic
speed, the same constant.
But why does this
one all of a sudden
change directive and
speed up in trajectory?
You've studied this?
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Oh, you've read it?
Yeah.
So it's out there.
So that was a milestone.
So, like I said, the Pleiades,
this nearby star cluster,
is hosting a highly
advanced life.
They're going back
to this, like I said.
This cluster, I believe,
that the men and women
are coming from is located
in the system of Taurus.
It's about 440 light
years from here.
It's a series of
hot blue stars that
are approximately 100
million years old.
I don't know how
they measure that.
Gosh.
How would you measure something
100 million years old?
I guess it's all done by heat,
and light, and everything.
But anyway, that's what
we're contending here,
is that these men
and women, I think,
are coming out of this system,
and they're a part of us.
This woman that I've been
telling you about-- let's see
what the next one is here.
Let's go to this first.
What are we going to about
the extraterrestrials?
There was never a
time when visitors,
such as the spiritual
hierarchy, the angelics,
and the extraterrestrial
support systems were not here.
They've always been
here, watching over
the karmic bound souls who
incarnate, fulfill their soul
contracts, and then
return to source.
The Pleiadians have largely
been responsible for humankind.
Television and motion pictures
just get you used to the idea.
And we keep seeing this.
You notice all these TV
shows, all these movies
keep massaging you
because as we're
growing older and
getting used to it,
it seems almost natural to us.
And there are young
kids that say,
of course there's
extraterrestrials.
Seems like an awful waste
of space looking out there.
You know that scene in
the movie "Contact?"
I love that.
You think there's
anything out there?
And Jodie Foster, who
plays Ellie Arroway,
says, it sure seems like
an awful waste to space.
Of course, it's
filled with beings.
Of course, it's filled
with lifeforms all over.
We'd have to be naive not
to think that, you know?
So we're a little farther along.
OK.
Let's talk about this.
So how did I get some
of this information?
Well, my source is, as
I said, a Russian woman,
and she is from the Ukraine.
And I meet with her every
other week, somewhat.
I sit down and I talk with her,
and she has an interpreter,
and I've discussed it with her.
And I said, tell
me what you know.
And she doesn't
say an awful lot.
You know, it's one of those
kind of conversations where I'll
say what the theory is,
and she'll say yes or no,
and then just giggle.
So it's for me to
almost find out.
It's not like
she's going to say,
let me tell you
how this all works.
No.
I have to find it myself.
The nature of our relationship
is I have to find it myself.
Then I'll write
down some questions,
then I'll take it to
her and say, is this
maybe the way that it works?
Now, this woman
had met these two--
a woman and a man like you
and I, who appeared in a room
one day and had taken
her out of the house,
and had taken her to a paradigm
that looks just like this.
In fact, it's a little
nicer than this.
Trees, sky, blue
sky, clouds, ocean.
Everything that we have.
Very, very beautiful
paradigm, where
she saw that men and women were
there, and those men and women
are sort of in that
graduated state
where we will be there
where they are once we've
mastered certain
lessons, you know,
in our own soul's contract.
In other words, you wouldn't
be able to necessarily live
in that paradigm
with all the dross
that you have in this world.
You wouldn't necessarily
carry all the anger,
and the hatred, and resentment,
and the inability to let
go of anger, and
fear, and resentment.
You would have to literally
vibrate differently
to live in a paradigm there.
souls who eventually
become like yogis,
eventually become
beyond yogi, step up
and don't necessarily
even reincarnate
even in the physical world
here in Earth as we know it.
So she came back,
she was brought back,
and she was given a very
extraordinary ability.
She has a little
office in Cupertino.
She has people that are lined
up to see her daily and weekly.
And she does almost
like a Reiki over you.
She kind of goes with
her hands over you.
And she'll so look at
your-- like, something
over near your neck or
something like that,
and she'll go like this and
sort of pull it off and say,
you don't need that.
And, you know, or you might walk
in after a very tough night.
Let's say you've had
a very tough night.
I know there's some
people out there
that like to drink alcohol.
What a thought.
Take drugs.
Wow.
And you come in and she
goes, what happened?
Your whole field is like this.
It's not right.
And so I've come in
when I've not felt well,
and she goes around
my body like that,
and then she'll say
come back in 40 minutes.
Second appointment
is 40 minutes later.
About 30 minutes after
that second appointment,
I'll walk home or I'll
drive home and I'll go, wow.
Wow.
I feel fantastic.
Very present.
Digestive seems to
be working good.
I feel very present, relaxed.
When we're toxic with the food
and all the trouble out there--
trauma, abuse,
addictions, toxic food--
we become very, uh.
You know what I'm talking about.
Your thoughts get bad.
You don't feel well.
And then maybe let's
say you get good rest
and you eat well or
something like that,
and you go, there I am again.
That's a daily practice.
She sort of helps
the light body.
So her son is responsible
for these writings.
Her son is writing both of
these styles, and he hears them.
And he writes the writing in
a trance with his left hand,
although he's right handed.
He writes it with his left
hand, and he writes it
from right to left, and
he writes it, actually,
in reverse.
What I did with these was--
this is already reversed.
Actually, when you take the--
they're up in my room.
You'll have to see me,
like, at panel on Sunday,
and you can get a copy.
Or if you run into me
in the hallway somehow.
When he writes it,
you would hold it up
and see that it's reversed.
And when I turned it over
and held it up to the light,
I all of a sudden
could see, oh, there's
J. There's a T. You can
see that there's actually
some references to our
own alphabet almost.
You can see a cursiveness.
You see the dots over this.
You want to pan it on that?
You can see that.
What we're seeing here is
kind of a singsong language.
And he says that he
only is a witness to it.
He has no control.
He does not know what
these messages say.
Hopefully it's not, we're
going to be late for dinner,
and we're dinner.
But I've already
reversed this for you.
So the originals are where
it's just literally reversed.
Then in another meeting, he
writes-- this is the same guy,
writing another language.
And what they do
know is that these
are two languages that they feel
are coming from this cluster.
What they say, they don't know.
Maybe they're not
ready for that.
Maybe it's just designed
just to entertain us,
to see that somebody
is moving in on us,
or somebody has something
to impart to us.
So that's where some of
my information is coming.
That's why she's
telling me, look, don't
be so sidetracked with all
these little gray things.
Those are the ones that are
sensational because they
don't look like us, and
movies sensationalize them.
Know that men and
women are here.
Some of them can materialize
and dematerialize.
I know that sounds incredible.
I hope nobody sends me
hate mail after this.
OK.
So this is the Pleiades.
You have these other systems.
The Orion systems next to it
are ancient celestial neighbors.
So one of the things that people
can do when they make contact--
many people make
contact, and they do it
while their body is asleep.
That's the best way to teach you
because you're not necessarily
reacting.
And so if you think about it,
one third of our entire life
is spent prone, asleep
with the body relaxed.
That's a lot of time.
One third.
If you lived in '92, think
about how much time that is.
Millions of hours are
spent in a prone position
where you don't even know--
you don't wake up necessarily
in your dream going, hey,
what happened to my body?
No, you literally see
things as a witness,
and you take it into your
subconscious, et cetera.
And you're working things out.
You have the experiences
of boundlessness.
You have the
conscious mind, which
manages your daily life, working
and processing lessons daily.
You have the pre-conscious mind.
You have memories that can be
accessed with little effort.
You'll access those memories,
but maybe not necessarily
pull them back consciously
when you wake up.
The subconscious mind contains
our entire life and history,
including repressed memories.
The subconscious
is the repository
of all of our thoughts, all of
our deeds, all of our actions.
And they read those
pools at nighttime.
They read those pools
of thought to see,
how is this soul developing?
What's happening with
this particular soul?
They have the
collective unconscious--
that's all of us
together-- which
has the hidden repository
of ideas, symbols,
archetypes that deal
with the major issues
of the human condition.
So they see us as
individuals, and then they
read our progress of how
we're doing as a soul,
and then they see the
repository of ideas of thought,
et cetera, as a collective.
How are we doing as a species?
They have a vested
interest in this.
I truly believe that.
I think they're very
vested in our experience.
This is the human sleep cycle.
This happens one third
of your life every night.
Right now, if I'm not
boring you to tears,
you're in beta, at the top.
You hear my voice, you see
us together, et cetera.
You go have dinner,
you see the expo.
You're in beta.
You see the material
world, right?
But it's this interesting
window right there,
the hypnagogic, that little
tiny next group in here--
Can I turn this?
Can I move this over here?
That little-- thank you.
That's great.
This little window here--
that's called the
hypnagogic window.
That's that little window
when you know you're
falling asleep from beta.
When you're just sort of
nodding off and you go, oh.
And you feel yourself
falling into it.
Some people stay in that
window for a little while,
and you hear or
witness something.
Third eye, and your
ajuna center opens up,
you might witness visitors.
You might witness your
mother, who has passed away,
who has another thought
to impart to you.
Many people in
near-death experiences
go through hypnagogic
and stay there.
The body is, you know--
the alpha waves.
Everything comes down.
And they stay in the
hypnagogic state,
and they witness kind
of what's going--
what if I told you that if
your body was relaxed enough,
you'd see there's a whole
bunch of more people,
and actually some of those
seats are also filled?
So I was doing better
than I thought.
Maybe we all were.
So and then you fall deeply
into alpha, and then you go--
and most people, when they
go from beta-- when you first
fall asleep, you go into
hypnagogic, you witness things,
and you fall deep into delta.
This delta area here, this
is called the well of dreams.
That's where most of your
deep dreaming is going.
And you will witness
people, or things,
or places, and process things.
And then throughout the
night, you can see here,
as you get up to 1 o'clock
in the morning, 2:30,
4 o'clock, et cetera,
you actually--
the REMs and all that in
your sleep is-- you're
sort of rising back
up until you actually
pass through the
hypnagogic window again.
And here in the morning,
you will maybe just--
maybe you don't
even open your eyes.
You can just see that
there are people here that
are there standing in the room.
That's a very
important-- the yogis
are able to get to and stay
in that state of hypnagogic.
They can get so
relaxed with their body
that they're actually
in tune with that.
How are we doing on time?
What's that?
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Oh, OK.
Great.
Points in time.
The historical significance of
the present moment on planet
Earth right now is massive.
The collapse of many systems,
the collision of ideologies,
the acclamation of wealth
and power by the very few
individuals is unsustainable--
as unstable in the
financial markets.
You'll notice that we are--
I hate to break the bad news,
but you know as well as I do,
we are in the collapse
of the system.
The wealthy elite
by the few families
leaving the great majority
of the planet as worker bees,
while they direct
their interest.
The significance of an emerging
intelligence self discovering
itself within a competitive
galactic community
is actually happening
right now, too.
This emerging
intelligence is happening
because I think we are
being sort of birthed
into this ascension.
How many people here get an
idea, and it's so fantastic,
and you think to yourself, wow.
And two minutes later,
you go, what was that?
And you can't even
hang on to it.
A lot of that is the
repository of the processes
in your own thought's
consciousness.
Some of that is
them talking to you,
giving you concepts and ideas,
pushing you and moving you
forward.
Many souls, human
and alien alike,
have been born at this
time to help Earth evolve
into a more mature expression.
So that's why, via the internet,
we have all these things now.
We have wonderful accessibility
to new thought processes.
We can literally open
up our flip phone or--
flip phone.
Smartphone.
Yeah.
Some of us still
have a flip phone.
I open up my smartphone,
and there we are,
and you have this presentation.
There is one here!
Thank you, sir.
Right on.
There's a hold out from the
past is a blast, right there.
Flip phones-- you know, I always
wanted to take a picture of me
on a dial up phone reading
a newspaper with the phone
in between my ear
like that, right?
And reading the
newspaper and everything.
And then put it on
Facebook and say,
this is the way the world was.
I remember a time
when you weren't
home and somebody called you,
you just missed the call.
That's all.
Now you jump.
Ding!
Somebody texted me.
Oh, my god.
Is it the IRS?
You know?
You pull up to a stoplight,
and there's always
some guy that's standing
there like this,
and he's waiting for
the light to turn.
How many of you had
this experience?
You look over, and there he is.
You know, his face is
all lit up a little bit.
And he's looking at his
cell phone like this.
He's waiting for the
light to turn green.
He's looking at that
cell phone and you say,
she doesn't love you.
Forget about it.
Put your phone down.
How many of you have
had that experience?
Or you see the car
going like this
because you know this person's
looking at their cell phone.
Crazy.
We're so addicted.
So anyway, but Earth is--
really, Earth is evolving
into a more mature expression.
The ascension of planet Earth.
Before we get to the
UFO photos, let's
talk about the ascension
of planet Earth.
This is a period of
extraordinary acceleration
of energy marked by a vast
technological and rapid changes
to human consciousness.
All humanity is given a powerful
choice during this time.
We are being asked to be the
wayshowers, the transition
team, the ones who
make the difference.
The first phase of
this alignment--
if we look at the
harmonic convergence,
if you follow
astrology, if you follow
a progression of the
esoteric sciences talking
about the harmonic
convergence, this
placed us right
in this alignment
around 1987 to 1996, which began
a fantastic increase in energy,
thrusting us deep into
the information age.
We see the internet,
you know, coming here.
Just being thought
of at this point.
Suddenly, the entire
globe was aligned
in communication with
itself as never before,
with our connection to a
vast array of knowledge
via the internet.
A lot of us have
lived long enough
to see the internet
come of age, where
we are availed to lightning
fast information versus going
to the library.
Driving down there, finding
a parking spot, going in.
Do you have this book?
No, we don't have that book.
Getting back in
your car, driving.
You know the rest of the story.
We were crawling.
Now with this advent
of the phone like this,
our knowledge is speeding up.
The acceleration of information
created new technologies,
conscious modalities,
and transformed
the landscape of human thought.
So we are sort of being
thrust into this new period.
There's a second phase here.
I follow a number of people like
Barbara Marciniak, Barbara Hand
Clow, others.
[INAUDIBLE]
The list is endless of people
that I think have stated
a very similar model to this.
If our Pleiadian
friends are here,
they are describing the second
phase between 1997 and 2007,
remarked by major advances in
consciousness and technology.
We've seen that almost
everything we've ever
learned about life and human
consciousness has doubled,
tripled even since
the year 1997.
We're availed to so
much more information
about what our experience is
about, and have that available.
During this phase of science in
near-death experience studies,
they observed that consciousness
is existing independently
of brain function
for the first time.
There's a guy--
I'm going to be doing
introductions this weekend.
They have me pseudo staff, as
well as doing workshops, right?
But there's a guy--
I'll get it later on.
It's in the program.
There's a guy that's
really good at this--
I read his biography only
a couple of nights ago--
who has studied this.
That human thought is
actually independent.
It's not actually happening
completely in the brain.
It's actually happening
in the spirit.
And his work is about that.
We're learning more and more
that most of your thoughts
are going on up
here, and then they
translate into what
you think is the brain
and what you think is
your thought process.
And you think it's
happening in your brain,
but actually it's
in your spirit.
The spirit is really responsible
for the consciousness,
and the brain, the
nervous system, the body
is a vehicle just
by which we borrow.
We're birthed into this
experience and we borrow it,
and we have an interim time
where we can use this body.
Unprecedented global
communications and interactions
led to novel advances in
awareness and understanding
of the human condition
as never before.
So you-- well, I know
that something is up.
We're being called
into, like, this.
The ready room.
This could be like
the ready room, right?
We're getting the idea
that our visitors are here,
and then we're being
sort of moved forward
with that knowledge,
and eventually we'll
share that knowledge
with other people.
Like any other culture,
it steps up in wisdom
and imparts that wisdom
to the next tribe.
It goes on and on and on.
It's always been that way.
This third phase from
2007 to 2010 and beyond
brings us through
humanity's progression
into a new period
of enlightenment.
This time will often
be unpredictable,
and conflicts will
arise as humanity
will be forced to make
quick decisions to ensure
safe passage into the future.
This is why I have said
that our visitors are
watching the karmic bound
souls, watching us as a species,
watching us as a
progressive, and they don't
want to lose this experience.
I'm a big believer
that if we launched
into a nuclear conflict, that
could be the day of disclosure.
Already, we've had nuclear--
nodding your head.
There's been talk of
nuclear releasing,
where suddenly it
was interrupted
and the mechanism
simply didn't work.
Because I believe that the
spiritual hierarchies don't
want to lose this experience.
They're watching
this very carefully.
This final period
also brings earth
into an alignment with the solar
galactic center at the winter
solstice of 2012, which is
now quite a while ago, which
represents the beginning
and completion of what's
called a 24,000 year cycle.
That 24,000 year cycle that
we shared for a long time--
remember we were always saying,
when the harmonic convergence
reaches 2012, you're
going to look up
and the whole sky's
going to be filled,
and then you're going to pay.
And you'll see I was right.
And nothing happened.
I'm sorry.
Nothing happened.
Except for we just got ushered
into the next expression.
This next expression of
getting used to the idea
that there are beings
all around here.
Hang on.
I want to watch this
carefully with time,
and I want to respect
your time, too.
We've got a little time left.
Let me tell you and
interrupt this really
carefully about a story that
many people asked me to tell.
And I said, OK, I'll include
it in the presentation.
It's normally not
in my presentation,
but I will tell you this story.
It's a true story.
First of all, I've said
that you're surrounded
by all these beings, right?
You're surrounded by
all kinds of things.
All of the above is true.
Angelics, fairies,
ultraterrestrials, discarnates,
mom and dad.
All of this doesn't
necessarily leave this plane
when this experience is over.
It's just moving into another
phase just out of the line
sight of your eyesight.
In 1997, I went and
saw the movie "Contact"
with a friend of mine.
Now, people know me-- that
I do a lot of relief work.
And I've helped elderly,
I feed the homeless.
I feel that I'm duty bound
with what I've been given,
which doesn't make me have to
work so hard and I can serve.
It's important to serve.
Every day.
Service is a very big thing
for me in every which way.
Whether I feed the
homeless and you see me
in the street with that, or I'm
in some sort of other support
services, counseling services.
I have a large background
in behavioral science.
So I'm in behavioral studies.
I'm always curious
about why people
believe what they believe.
In 1997, I took this older
man, who had a lot of trauma--
oh, poor Henry.
Just riddled with trauma.
And I thought, you know,
I would take him out.
I would take him to parties.
And people would say, why
do you bring this guy?
You know, he's acting out.
It's embarrassing.
I said, well, if I didn't
bring him to a party,
nobody else would.
So he's my friend,
I'm bringing him.
That's the way it is, you know?
You've got to serve people that
are less fortunate than you.
Handicapped people.
I run into tough cases.
Let me tell you.
I took him to see
the movie "Contact."
We went and saw the movie
"Contact" and we came back.
And we were so excited.
We were like a couple of kids.
It was midnight.
This is 1997.
And there's the kitchen
counter here, and here's me,
and here's Henry.
And Henry was in World War II.
He never saw the war.
He was captured as a
Dutch foreign national
in Shanghai when the Japanese
were taking over Shanghai.
So he never even saw the war.
He got taken literally
three weeks after--
he'd been in the army.
And he was in the Dutch
army, and he got rounded up,
and he never got to see the war.
He was captured.
Taken to a Japanese prison camp.
What does this have
to do with anything?
He's here.
I'm here.
It's 1997.
Now, here's my kitchen counter.
Here's my refrigerator.
And as we were talking--
wasn't that a great film?
Wasn't that a great film?
Fantastic, man.
Just loved that
scene, and so on.
And we're just talking
and everything.
And as we were talking
and everything,
we both kind of
looked down, and there
was what looked like
a little tiny lady
with what looked
like dragonfly wings.
And you know how the dragonfly
wings are, like, kind of clear?
They have the big wing
on top and they have
a little stabilizer underneath?
And there was a little tiny lady
about that tall with dragonfly
wings.
And I looked down,
and it went like this,
and it realized we
were looking at her
and it was looking at us.
Now, when something like that
happens, it stops your heart.
I can tell you that
it stopped our heart.
I literally was frozen.
I'd never seen anything
like that in my life.
It was incredible.
And all of a sudden-- we
both were looking at it.
And we were just like,
it's looking at us.
And all of a
sudden, it turned to
a brilliant, beautiful
cobalt blue, aqua light,
and just went [WOOSH] and went
right in between our fa-- right
in between us and flew straight
into the refrigerator door
and disappeared.
And I was just frozen.
And I was writing "Divine
Blueprint," my first book,
at the time.
That's how old that book is.
And as I was starting to
come out of it, I said--
I didn't want to say what I saw.
I wanted to see if
he saw what I saw.
Because I know what I saw.
And I said, Henry,
what did you see?
And he couldn't think
of the word in English.
So he said it was like a little
Tinker Bell or something.
That's the name of the fairy
in "Peter Pan," is it not?
And I started--
literally, honest to god,
I started to jump up and
down like on a pogo stick.
I was just jumping up and down.
Wow!
I'm writing my first book.
We have touched
the astral plane.
We have confirmation
that there's fairies.
There's literally fairies.
That they're real.
My god.
Jumping up and down.
And he's like this.
And tears just started
to roll down his face.
And he just covered his face.
And I said, Henry, what's
the matter with you?
This is a confirmation.
Fairies!
Can you imagine that?
Fairies exist!
We have touched
the astral plane.
And I said, what's
the matter with you?
Why are you crying?
He says, in 1943, I was
head of the death ward.
I buried all my friends.
What?
What does this have
to do about the fairy?
to do with that?
He said, in 1943, the
Japanese had us building
runways for Tojo's Air Force.
And we would go out and
cut hay and barley wheat
for food, or for whatever,
or for clearing runways
so the Zeros, the fighter
planes, the famed Japanese Zero
pilots, would be able to
land in these remote areas
of the jungle.
I said, that's nice.
What does this have
to do with that?
He said, I would
see exactly that.
And most of my friends
were all starving to death.
We all weighed only 80 pounds.
And I would see that, and it
would fly in the distance,
and it would land
in the distance.
And I would look around
for the Japanese soldiers,
and then I would make my
way over to where it landed,
and there were the mushrooms.
And I would look around, and
then I would eat the mushrooms
for the protein.
And then eventually, he said,
I made a sack, a little pocket
here.
And when another fairy,
the next couple of days,
would appear to me, another
one would fly over there,
and I go over there, and
there were the mushrooms.
And eventually, I'd
put them in here.
If you got caught
stealing food, it
was a great way to lose your
hands, or the death penalty,
or be beaten somehow.
And he said, I would take the
mushrooms back to my bunk,
and I would cover
myself with a blanket,
and I'd pull the mushrooms
out and I would eat mushrooms.
And I lived when
everybody else died.
And he said, one day
after the fairies
supporting me for
2 and 1/2 years,
on and off at various times--
one day we woke up and it
sounded like the whole sky
was opening up.
The biggest thunder, he said,
he ever heard in his life.
And they pushed on the door and
the door to the barrack opened,
and there was no one there.
There was no soldiers, anybody.
They had fled.
And they looked up,
and they realized
the planes were coming over
and the parachutes were
beginning to open up.
And they realized that
it was liberation day
and that they had made it.
He lived all the way
to liberation day
because of the fairies.
And he thanked the
fairies every day
because the fairies
saved his life.
And he says, I haven't
seen them for a long time.
But that, my friend,
that little fairy,
that's why I'm living and
standing in your kitchen.
Really remarkable, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's a really remarkable thing.
So moving along really quickly.
I thought I would
share that with you.
Now what?
Let's go back to our
presentation here.
We are actually in the
collapse of our civilization.
I'm sorry.
It's the way it is.
You might ask yourself, why
is all this chaos happening?
Where is the moral
integrity, the reliability,
the compensation,
the compassion?
Your mastery in life's
lessons are being
tested to the highest degree.
You're being called to
step into your mastery
and become the
wayshowers of a new, more
conscious civilization.
This geogalactic
convergence that's happened
since 2012 and beyond.
The ancients have-- seers
of time keepers have
had a profound
ability to understand
the stellar aspect of life and
the planetary cycles contained
within a large
scale cosmic plan.
Within this cosmic plan,
a harmonic synchronicity
seems to exist between human
consciousness and celestial
rhythms that occur over
a long period of time.
2012 marked the beginning
of a geopolar solar galactic
convergence that occurs
about every 24,000 years
and its significance will likely
increase as more becomes known.
Many prophecies
from ancient legend
describe this as a
time of great change,
such as in the
Pleiadians concept
of the nanosecond, also
known as a geostellar
harmonic convergence.
The nanosecond, as
I said-- remember
in the early part
of my presentation
I said, they're living
in the perpetual moment?
So time and evolution
is happening around.
We're having a day,
a month, a year.
We're growing older.
And we see distance from
youth, to being young,
to enjoying the middle
part of our life
and becoming older, and then
returning back to source.
They watch over this
process each and every day.
And this harmonic
convergence is kind
of what the Bible even talks
about when it talks about--
they refer to it in many ways.
The rapture.
Remember when you
were growing up--
we used to see those when we
were growing up, you know?
They'll say, one
day, it's all going
to change in the twinkling
of an eye in one second.
Jesus will be up in
the sky and everything,
and people that have been good
will be lifted up to meet him.
And they showed you these
pictures of, like, cars
driving off bridges and stuff.
Why?
Because there was
no driver in them.
They went up to meet the Lord.
What?
I remember those when I was
looking through that kind
of stuff growing up.
I was like, wow.
Nothing could be more
out of divine order
than a whole bunch of
cars off the freeway
with no drivers in them.
What?
Oh, my god.
No.
That's not the way this happens.
The way I think this happens
is they're meeting you.
You have to get
used to the idea.
You have to learn to talk
to them a little bit.
You have to learn to trust
this process a little bit.
If you're not meditating every
day and still in your mind
and saying this is my space--
didn't there used to
be an app like that?
Is it me?
This is my time, and that time
is when you give that time only
to yourself and
you want to speak
with these representatives.
You know why most people don't
meet representatives and meet
these celestial beings?
Because they never even
afford the time to it.
It'd be like,
well, if you're not
going to go to the bar
mitzvah, you're not
going to be at the bar
mitzvah, now, are you?
So you've got to go to this
sort of bar mitzvah or whatever.
You've got to go to that space.
You've got to create
that ashram for yourself.
You've got to create that sacred
space to say, this is my time.
I've gotten the word.
I'm moving forward.
I'm making a commitment.
I'm ready to talk
to these beings.
I'm doing what I can in my part.
I'd like to have that conver--
you'll notice your dreams start
to change and
become very real now
because the Earth is being
lifted up in this frequency,
and people are describing
much different terms
in their dreams.
I'm going to this thing
called The Well of Dreams
real soon here in Santa Cruz.
There's a lady, wonderful
lady, that experiments in that
and says, you notice how
your dreams are becoming
like real life time happenings?
Have you noticed how
they've taken on almost
a different dimension?
It's very exciting time.
Very exciting time.
So there you have it.
So UFOs?
Yes.
OK.
They are always here.
There's never been a time
when they're not here.
They fly through our
skies daily because they
are watching this experience.
And also, they're
watching sort of the grid
lines of the planet.
They're watching the balance
of how the planet sits
in its position in concordance
with the declaration
on the stars, the sun,
the moon, the balance
of the planet itself.
And as I've said,
why is it that we--
have you ever gone
on the internet?
I went on the internet.
I want to show you
some new UFO photos.
It was a crisis!
Do you know what I was met with
when I looked for new cases
and things like that
that we could talk about,
share, and exchange
and all that?
I go on these different
websites, and what do I see?
Creepy aliens.
Dark conspiracies.
Things with horns, and devils,
and all this dark, dark stuff.
And I'm looking at this
like, ugh, the energy in that
is just not good.
Where is the legitimacy in UFOs?
Where is the legitimacy of
legitimizing this science
without getting into
all that tchotchke stuff
that you see on Facebook.
You know, demons and aliens.
Go to Monster Con.
I went to Monster Con.
I went to-- what was
that one that they had--
the first Alien Con in San Jose.
I was invited the
last minute, right?
Kind of, like, the last four
days or something like that.
They said, Robert, come
and talk to these people.
OK.
I went there.
I didn't know they
were sponsored by UFO--
they were sponsored by
Monster Con and Comic Con.
You know, lovely people.
I'm not going to--
if you're filming this,
I really like you guys.
And, you know, I
get there, right?
Do you know that before I did
my lecture and everything,
I actually got knocked down
by the tail of the alien?
You know the movie "Alien?"
That thing with the
jaws and that long tail?
I actually got knocked
down by the tail.
And I looked up, and there
was a guy inside, right?
He's looking through
the jaws like this.
You know, like this.
And I'm looking up
at him in this mask.
He took the time to wear
this thing, which is
as long as this row of chairs.
And I looked up and I
thought, get a life.
Get a life, man.
What are you doing in
that suit, you know?
I mean, it was all fun and well.
You want to know something?
I went and did the lecture.
I did my presentation, right?
You want to know
something funny?
Thousands of people
come out to this thing.
Much bigger than this.
Much bigger than
these big holistic
expos that we go into, right?
I mean, talk about a
ballroom with like, you know,
700, 800 people at least.
You want to know something?
I've never sold so many books as
I did at that particular expo.
People were hungry
for knowledge.
And there are people
coming up to me and going,
you mean there's the real thing?
I said, well, yeah.
He says, I saw
your presentation.
There's the real thing?
I said, yeah.
He said, well, they don't
say that at Comic Con.
Well, of course they don't.
Because you're exposed to that.
There's nothing wrong with that.
You know, that gets you used
to the idea, too, right?
That was an incredible thing.
So this photo turned up.
How many people have
seen this photo?
OK.
Not many.
So this photo-- oh, god.
I've got to remember what the
name of the force is on this.
Essentially, do you notice
that most of the-- almost all
of the photos that you see--
this is probably photoshopped.
I'll be honest with you.
But it's a great shot.
It's probably photoshopped.
But if you notice that
most of the shots--
this is Billy Meier.
Remember Billy Meier
with this shot?
Some people say, oh, come on.
That's grandma's pie pan.
Have you noticed that all
the UFO photos are always
slightly blurry?
They're always not
quite in focus.
There's never that
definitive photograph
where, with all of
our photography,
with the millions
of cell phones,
and smartphones, and cameras as
big as those Sonys back there,
there's never the definitive,
undeniable, incredible
photograph for color
without a doubt.
Because I think if
they released that,
it would probably shatter
the fabric of this reality.
If the Defense
Department came and said,
listen, we know these
photos out there.
And, yeah, they are real.
People aren't ready
to handle that.
You know, they have a society
and a culture to protect.
They're not ready for that.
I think ET knows that.
I think that's why they're
slightly out of sight,
out of mind.
More shots of Billy Meier.
And, of course, the
one back in 2004.
The rods in Manchester, UK.
This was taken in 2011.
Hovering devices that
hover over the ground
in one form or another.
Most of our visitors,
again, you know, come
in many forms and many
different kinds of crafts.
This one is interesting.
I don't know if this
one is photoshopped,
but of all the photos I
could find, I found this one.
Probably one of the most
interesting, you know?
This is Jack Nethering
from ufoevidence.org.
A remarkable photograph.
But, again, nobody
can really confirm it.
I think that these photos cannot
be confirmed because I think
maybe ET knows we're
not ready for that.
Maybe they're just-- this
is just like to protect
the culture and the society.
I don't know.
It's a theory.
This here in Ely Cathedral,
United Kingdom in 2009
was quite good.
That's actually
not photoshopped.
That's actually a
fairly good photograph.
So we'll see.
You know, they surround
the globe daily.
There was something like
18,000 sightings last year.
I think it was something
18,000 plus that MUFON amassed
or reported, or
something like that.
So in all those
sightings, if you
had 18,000 reports or whatever,
wouldn't there be, like,
one or two really great photos?
You got to know that maybe
it's meant to be that way.
Maybe that's because
of us and for us.
I don't know.
So our conclusion before we
go to a few questions here.
As I've said, you
know, we're really--
you've seen that there's,
like, a large amount
of personal growth
in my talks because I
felt like you've got
to mix spirituality
with this UFO science.
You've got to find that common
ground to legitimize it.
Otherwise we have talking
heads that go up there
and they tell you about well,
after the screaming stopped,
and then the rest of the story.
Those are sensational.
But, ultimately, I
think it's important
that we take away that
time-- like I said,
the meditation, the
time for ourself
to make contact
and practice that.
Our world is rapidly changing.
Be prepared for anything.
We are the wayshowers,
the transition team.
We're reconnecting humanity
with a divine intelligence,
and that divine intelligence
is all around us.
You can't necessarily
see your thoughts, right?
But they're happening.
You have reasoning, all
this that's going on.
We're living in an unprecedented
time of opportunity.
Let's fill it with love and
consciousness, shall we?
I have my book--
"Divine Blueprint"
is still here,
if you're interested in that.
You can pick that up.
I have some used copies.
Take it home for $5.
Maybe take a new one for $10.
But when you're here at the
expo, watch what's happening.
There's a lot here.
There's a lot of wonderful,
wonderful people here.
And I also want to
thank Gaia TV, who
has provided wonderful platform
in their television who
have provided wonderful
speakers and me an opportunity
now to be filmed by them.
They're marvelous.
And that's where it's at.
Do I have some questions here?
Before we just leave, we'll
part with a few quick questions.
Yes, ma'am.
>> Have you ever had anyone
express what those beings that
you saw are [INAUDIBLE]?
Have you ever had anybody
give an intuitive--
>> Yes.
Yes.
I have, actually.
>> Was it anything related
to artificial intelligence
in the future?
>> Yeah, that's been said.
That they actually would
come from the equivalent
of what would be our future.
And to transcend--
think about it.
To transcend the incredible
distance it would even
take to get here, time
and space literally
has to be altered in
such a way to enter
in at a particular time zone, a
particular geographic location,
a particular objective.
That kind of goes
sideways with my theory
that they're living in
their perpetual moment.
But time is a very funny thing.
But, yeah.
And when I had a very
specific reading about this
by a marvelous, marvelous woman
who's not with us anymore--
but she read for me--
you can't imagine.
And this was very early on.
I was only 23 when
she read for me.
It was 1978.
Late 1978.
And she said, well, I
have something to tell you
about what these beings are.
And I say, yes?
And she says, they're
related to you.
Excuse me?
They're related?
She says, yes, they
know who you are.
They're related to you.
But you won't know that
while you're born here--
while you're here because
you're here in this experience.
You're here to experience
all these lessons.
That's why you come
into the material world.
And then they may have appeared
from time, space, and distance,
and they have these
suits, so they
can exist in their
material plane for the way
that they're able to do it.
But when you pass away,
you will meet them again.
You know, as traumatic as that
experience was, as incredible
as that experience was, do
you know that I've never
had one dream with it?
Ever.
Not one.
I've never had--
you know when you
have a traumatic
experience, you'll
relive it in your dreams?
I've actually never
had one dream about it.
Yeah.
But it's a remarkable,
incredible world.
That's why I said in
the very beginning,
everything is possible,
even the impossible.
We have one last--
couple of last questions,
then we're going back into the
expo and experience the magic,
the wonder.
Yes, sir.
>> Do you think that that
experience that you had is
actually seating you to be
a part of this conscious
awareness shift so that you're
actually up there right now?
And where you progressed
as your experience and--
you know, you've
been talking about--
>> For sure.
>> --to make this happen?
I think that when something
like that happens--
I never thought years ago
I'd ever been an author.
Really?
If somebody had told me that,
you're going to be an author
and you'll be out
there speaking.
You know, and sometimes there's
six people at a little meeting.
Sometimes it's much,
much larger than that.
I never dreamed I was going
to be doing this, you know?
And I've taken a lot of flak
for some of my theories,
but so do the rest.
You know who their names are.
They've taken a lot of flak
for their theories or whatever.
I certainly have.
I've been told, oh, quack,
and nut case, and, oh,
you shouldn't--
is it sensationalism?
They would say things like,
what is it about, Robert?
Is it about validation?
Significance?
Is it about approval?
Did your mother-- did
your father beat you?
What happened here?
Why do you have to
tell such a story?
I said, because it's
just part of my story.
But along the way,
you've noticed
the presentation
is my story of what
happened with the
extraterrestrials,
but it's also all the things
that I've found along the way
that I hope will benefit,
move forward, and move, touch,
and inspire each
and every person.
Because that's what our job
is is to go out there, move,
touch, and inspire people.
OK?
Let's go out there and do that.
Thanks for coming tonight.
I really appreciate it.
I'm Robert Perala.
You guys are great.
Thank you so much.
I'm very touched and honored.
[APPLAUSE]